Hi.
So now we're going to talk about an interesting problem, which is known as an Queens problem.
So let's understand what this question is.
So it's a problem of placing and test queens on a neuroscientist board so that no two queens are going
to attack each other.
Okay.
So we are given and cross and just bought.
For example, this is an equal to four.
So.
Yeah, so what we want, we want to place four queens on this chessboard so that no queens are dark
each other and can be eight and can be seven, it can be 11.
So it's a variable.
So we are given input and and in the output we need to print this configuration of the chessboard.
Okay, this is what is expected in the output.
So now if you look carefully in this configuration, no queen is going to take you to that.
Okay.
So if you know about a queen, a queen can move along a row, it can move along a column, or it can
also move or attack along a diagonal.
Okay.
If you see all all of these if you talk about this diagonally, this queen is not going to attack anyone.
Okay?
In each row, there is one queen that is under observation.
You can have and it's not going to attack anyone in the row.
It's not going to attack anyone in the column.
Similarly for this queen, the diagonal rows and columns are empty.
And for this queen also, there is nothing, no queen that it can attack and similar for this one as
well.
Okay.
So we need to come up with a configuration that satisfies these constraints.
So again, you can see it is about finding an optimal configuration that satisfies these particular
constraints.
And we discussed and backtracking can be used to solve these kind of problems.
So let's see how we would solve this problem and let's try to come up with a logical game.
And there could be different variations of this problem.
So a common variation could be put any one configuration that satisfies these requirements.
Okay, another variant could be current.
All possible solutions of this particular problem or another could be.
Instead of printing the solutions, you can simply count how many solutions exist for a given problem.
So we are going to look at all these variants one by one on what are the changes we need to make in
the code in order to make them work?
So let us let's see actually what we can do.
So.
Let's see.
So let's assume that we have a board.
We have.
And growth and world order for growth forward for now.
And we will try to solve this problem.
Okay.
What what is the idea that to firstly we need know that in every door so let us fill this great Roberto.
So in every door there would be one green or gas or one green.
But what we need to do, we need to finalize at what index the Queen should be placed in the Iron Throne.
This is what we need to think.
So what happened is.
Yeah.
So let's see.
So, as we discussed, we need one queen for every role.
Okay, so we need one queen.
For each role.
So now let us try to start fixing Queens in each row.
So what I will do, I am starting at zero zero and I will do.
Okay, let me play the Queen in the first column and let me try to solve the remaining problem.
What is the remaining problem?
The remaining problem is actually this grid.
Okay, this is the remaining problem.
So what we can do, we can try to solve the problem for the next row that is equal to one.
So what we will do is, okay, let us go and try to place a queen at an optimal column in the current
draw.
So what I will do, I will say, okay, I go ahead.
Can I play the queen hit non-traditional.
Can I play the queen hit?
The answer is again, no can replace a queen here.
The answer is yes.
I will place it and I will say it for this rule.
I'm done because when I place the Queen on this index, I don't have a queen in a column.
I don't have a queen in a in a diagonal.
Okay.
I don't have a green in that role because for Rovian we don't need to check because we're not placing
any green in the same room.
So this is actually done.
Now what we will do, we will go to the next group and we will take any place again here.
Nonetheless, no cannibalism going here.
Dan Terrace, no cannibalism going here.
The answer is no.
Can I place a green here, Dan?
That is no.
Now, this right around all possibilities in Ecuador, Colorado.
And we could not find that this rogue and bizarre look.
So now what we will do.
This rule is going to tell the previous caller.
Okay.
So this is this was the first call.
This was the second call.
And this is a third recursive.
So the third recursive call is going to tell the parent call that there is something wrong with your
configuration.
Go and correct.
So what we are going to do, we are going to backtrack.
We are going to go back to the previous row.
Okay.
So when we are going back to the previous row, this function call is over and we don't have any information
about this at all as of now.
And we will say, okay, whatever you were trying.
Okay, so this and all this function call will maintain what column?
I have already tried placing the green so it will log.
I will do later to we had tried and now this value of G will move to the next index.
Okay.
What we will do?
We come back to this row and we will erase of election that we did.
So this step is actually going to be a backtracking step.
We are going to remove this going from here.
And we are going to.
See this configured.
This is not the optimal location.
Maybe you should place a green here.
Okay, so we place knew.
Now again, what we are going to do.
We are going to again call on the next row so we can replace the green here.
Don, that is no Don.
We place a green here.
No can replace a green hit.
No.
Because it's going to be attacked by this green.
Can replace a hit on tourism again.
What is going to happen?
The third arrow is when you tell the second row that, okay, this configuration is not possible, there
is something wrong that you have done.
Okay.
So it's going to let let's go back.
Let's backtrack.
And again, we are coming back here and in this role, we have already seen that.
Okay.
The fourth column is also not suitable for the configuration.
So what is going to happen?
We have tried all possibilities in this rule, then we have tried all possibilities in the current row
and the solution is not possible.
We are going to send a message to the previous rule so that messages false again that this is not possible.
This is not possible.
This falls we will send by maybe having a return type in the function that may be a boolean.
What is going to happen?
Each row is going to try some configuration and if it is not successful then it is going to return.
Also true to the previous rule, depending upon the configuration was successful or not.
We will return true if the remaining result.
If the remaining rate is sold, we will return true.
If the remaining root is not sold, we will return false.
That is the whole idea of passing this message.
The what we are going to do, we are again going to be going back in the first row and we are saying,
okay, let us the first row knows what is the state.
Okay.
What is the state of the variables that we have seen?
That means the first function call will actually store that.
Okay.
I have already seen Delta column number zero.
So let me try the next column in the first row.
What it will do, it will say, okay, let us remove the queen from the zero index and we will try to
place a queen at the first index.
Okay.
It was okay, get go and try and solve the remaining problems.
It will make a call on equal to one.
Then this row what we will do will take it.
This location is not possible.
Because if you place these locations, it will be attacked by this queen.
Okay, so what we will do will play the queen hit and we will make a quality equal to two.
And you are going to ask, okay, next row, go and try to solve the entire subgroup that is pending
and tell me an answer.
True or false?
If it is true, well and good.
I will tell everyone, my parent, that the grade was ordered.
If it is false, then I need to try something different and maybe the solution does not exist.
So what we will do is.
Okay, let us play the queen hit.
Is it possible?
Dancers?
Yes.
If you play the queen head, it cannot be attacked by these two queens.
Okay.
And then we don't need to do any work in this at all.
We will just jump to the next row equal to three.
Let us try to place the Queen here.
Can we Blizzard?
No.
This will be Magnus invalid.
Can we play the Queen here?
And there is no Gandhi plays the queen here?
Yes, because we don't see anything in the diagonal.
And yes, the queen can be placed here again.
It is when you make a call on April four to as soon as your eye becomes equal to in what you're going
to do, you're going to they're done.
Okay.
So who is going to return to.
So you made another function call.
Look, let us go and complete the next row.
So you made a call from here to here.
So this becomes a base case.
In the base case, you check if I equals to end, that means that problem was solved.
We are not going to make any further calls.
We are going to return to this rule.
Get get to know that the remaining problem, which is the empty grid, was sold.
And I should tell my parent that the remaining grid destroyed.
So this will return to this group will be returned back to second row.
This will be returned back to the first row and this will be returned back to the mean.
Okay.
And finally, Main will get to know the solution of this problem exists.
And in the base case, when the base case was hit, we had the state of the world.
We are the state of the world.
And we could easily print this particular solution.
Okay.
What we will do, we will print this solution.
And we are done.
That that's what we are going to do.
So this is for the problem.
We are we need to print one configuration.
Okay.
So we are.
We need to print.
One configuration or we need to check whether the configuration is possible or not.
So this code will serve both the purposes and we can solve this problem by this.
Okay, so in the next lecture I will write the code along with it.
We will try to understand how that code is going to work.
So see you in the next video.